I want to be an Automation God. I want to automate creation of your world like the goddess or gods are believed to have automated creation of Earth.

The Automation Goddesses and Gods create hardware, operating systems, network protocols, international standards and code libraries empowering all mortals with god-like digital celestial spells called computer programs for our real world. These computer programs appear to give many Earthly mortals celestial magic instead of access to thousands of years of science and engineering.

I am not a god nor an Automation God. I am an Automation Believer starring at biblical code deciphering the symbols unlocking the hidden power and automating as I see it in my dreams like prophecy. I then feel control of a manual process; bliss of creation; pleasure of success; arousal of ego; brief belief I am more powerful than you. Then I realize I am only an Automation Believer and no longer one of the Automation Gods, who are more powerful than me.

The Automation Believers like me worship Automation Goddesses and Gods by using the gods' biblical libraries, divining tools and sacrosanct standards for our digital celestial spells to caste our own automation magic. We script scrolling sermons using a goddess's code that renders your website, plays your video, drives your car, guides your drone and digitizes your soul teleporting you across worlds.

I worship and believe. I want to rise once again from Automation Believer to being an Automation God. I want to provide spells to my followers and answer their prayers as they write bibles of beliefs about the word of me and preach my code from podium to the congregation as they project my ethereal idol image.

Automation Goddesses and Gods give you the powers of the gods once you open the boolean gates into the realms of microprocessors guided by the mystical instruction sets for pseudocode casting an operating system and a portal for you. A god creates spells with Classes, Methods or Functions with any pseudocode bonding human and machine. A god helps create gods of Automation Believers.

I study and pray that I am once again an Automation God, but Automation Goddesses and Gods know prayers are bullshit because the truth is in the code. They know when the symbols I use and the words I chant with the keyboard need more study and less prayer. The gods know I am not god worthy when my code misfires and returns null. They laugh thunder when my code consumes all the memory. The gods sigh when my code successfully returns output I no longer believe complete as I have had a vision from the gods. And now I see my code has mortal flaws unlike a god's celestial code.

No human is born an Automation Goddess or God. And not every human may rise and process as a goddess or god. But most humans may through daily devotional coding and the discipline of engineering. After sacrificing nights and days to reading, writing and publishing coded processes criticized and analyzed by many other Automation Believers and some Automation Gods. Then you might become an Automation Goddess or God.

I believed and was believed to be an Automation God of Build. I gave life to build automation at AOL Time Warner then at Extensis. I had faithful teams of believers that implemented my code, maintained my code and believed in my code. Then other Automation Gods of Build converted me, my code and my code's believers to a new belief, a new code and a new god of Build taking a bit of my automation powers with each conversion. After casting build automation with Nike, I have come to realize my old godly code was scribbled scripts failing to be like spiritual sermons and commandments by the new goddesses and gods of Build. I realize I was probably an Automation Demi-God of Build if even a god.

The old code I gave my followers for build automation during the past is almost like bullshit compared to the new code created and blessed by more disciplined, engineered, architected goddesses and gods of build. As a wiser Automation Believer of Build, it takes me less time to code bullshit, but the gods already automated Bullshit and use it to answer prayers.

Life, fatherhood and building a community while aging lives away the desire to spend nights and days learning newly preached languages and scripture libraries and proselytized architectures to code my life away with automation.

As I grow older, my deity dreams waken to the reality of me as an Automation Believer with an ego of an Automation God. As I dream to automate as a god and become an Automation God if only for a process, a cycle, forever in the code that automates our world, I shout, ,,WORK!''  And I know that shouting won't invoke the machine to obey my code unless I was an Automation God.

An Automation Goddess or God can code in any language, and I still can't, but I do have visions like prophecy of automating an intelligence to help show and tell a machine fictional stories of love, life and dreams, so I study. I write. I preach.

I WANT TO BE AN AUTOMATION GOD. ...I want to automate like the Automation Goddess and Gods automate our world. So I input my code. And sometimes I pray that it returns testament that I can be a god.

And sometimes, for an instant, I believe.