The big crusty booger sticks in my nose while I sit on subway train tunneling through a nostril of the city. Like the subway train thrusts people and clears them from the city to suburbia where they spread around like being blown from a nose, I tried blowing the crusty booger onto the suburban sidewalk and blowing the wanton desire to pick the big crusty booger. The booger felt stiff enough to shoot from nose like a bullet, but only clear snot sprayed like pellet shot.

Yellow snot is my favorite to blow from nose because yellow snot spreads through handkerchief and displays, and crusty boogers can fall from handkerchief before I can praise the crusty booger, or boogers can misfire and get lost before I can admire, and booger picking thrills more than booger blowing.

Like my handkerchief displays blown yellow snot for admiration, the pinky finger nail holds a booger like a trophy stand for me to admire and thrill before I flick it in a heater vent or the ground or wipe it on my handkerchief when at home or in the office. I have jested the long pinky fingernail is for sniffing cocaine because it's really for picking boogers. The finger nail scoops snot and mucus balls, doughy nuggets that smooshes like rubber cement.

I like picking boogers more than picking dead skin or scabs or picking scalp or butt or an itch down deep that it leaves an impression when dug.

A big crusty booger pleasures and inspires fantasies. Fantasies like snagging a big booger with one pick, glance and flick; fantasies like finding two or three crusty big boogers buried beneath another big crusty booger; fantasies of snagging the big booger only to find it's the tip of a huge booger clogging sinuses, and I pick pull the huge booger, breathe free and wipe the trophy booger on handkerchief for later admiration and memories.

All handkerchiefs collect and record history while creating a work of art, but today the handkerchief was forgot and left at home in my hurry to the subway for work.

In the subway, in my nose, in the now, the booger tickles, and I have no handkerchief.

Finger massages nose squishing booger and numbing tickle, sealing nostril.

Subway passengers glance, and a man sneers while others rub their nose or scratch the side of a nostril as my sealed nostril provokes questions: Will pinky fingernail wedge between booger and nostril and dig it free now that it's squished? Or does it have a slime coating allowing it to slip? Will it take a finger pick or deep dig to wedge the booger free then a blow to get it out?

The nostril opens and peels from the big booger, and a taunting tickle spreads from nose to mind into soul as the booger clogs nostril with inhale and flutters with exhale.

The booger's tickle burns and yearns, and I can feel it deep as fanatical thoughts of future nasal freedom play out in mind.

One more stop and I could leave the subway, find a bathroom, pick nose and wipe it on toilet paper leaving the trophy and a bit of my history in the trash, but the tickling and poking big crusty booger taunts my soul to pick it free now.

''Pick it now,'' my soul says. ''Unclog your nose.''

The tingle tickle seeps into the nerves blurring focus and mind with each breath as the booger hangs and dangles clogging, ticking, flapping nostril too intense not to be felt by other subway passengers.

And the subway shakes its boogers as the boogers speed through the nostril of the city.

But my big booger only dangles and flaps as I breathe.

I stick my pinky finger nail and scoop-out the big booger.

Some one says, ''That's a winner.''