The pub door swings open. A train horn blows, and Portland steps in.

Portland catches the pub door and closes the pub door.

She ties robe rope tight around hips. She walks between stools and tables and silent television images of basketball and Football casting from television screens mounted on walls.

Two people sit on stools around a table, sip beer and stare at television images. One person sits on stool at bar and stares at an empty pint glass.

,,So how's it goin'?'' says Rome.

,,Good,'' says Portland as she sits on a stool and rests forearms on bar.

Rome sets a pint glass of beer on bar next to empty pint glass, steps, grabs a bottle of whiskey and pours whiskey into lowball glass. He looks at Portland.

Water drips from Portland's face and hair to bar.

Rome stares. ,,You're wet.''

Portland nods.

Rome stands. ''Portland Rain.''

Portland wrinkles brow.

Rome smiles. ''That misty drizzle shit that floats under hoods and umbrellas.''

Portland smiles.

Rome pulls towel from bar. ''Towel?''

Portland reaches and grabs towel and rubs towel on hair and face and says, ,,Whiskey.''

Rome sets lowball of whiskey on bar before Portland. ,,Since when you get wet?''

Portland says, ,,Thank you.'' She pulls robe over nipples. ''A few days.'' She tosses towel at Rome. ''Have any rumors to tell?''

Rome lays towel on bar near Portland's whiskey. He looks at Portland. He nods. ,,So I heard a rumor.''

Portland looks at Rome. ,,I like to hear rumors.''

Rome smiles. He leans in and says, ,,I heard Minister was Jesus the Christ.''

Portland looks at Rome. She smells oak sweat, drinks whiskey. She feels the warm then tastes oak sweat and corn sugar, feels bourbon burn, fume. She stares at bourbon. She smiles.

A drop of water drips from Portland's nose to bourbon. Bourbon ripples...

She and Rome stare.

Portland nods, sips bourbon. ,,Maybe,'' says Portland. She stares to a look and looks at glass of bourbon. ''Minister has been a man.''

Rome stacks lowball glasses from sink side to shelve. ,,So he could have been Jesus the Christ? He kind of looks like Jesus the Christ. He's got to have been around during the time of Jesus the Christ.''

Portland says, ,,Maybe.'' She drinks bourbon. ''The image, the pictures, drawings, probably Minister. Probably true. And Minister probably believes of God.''

Rome looks at her as he puts lowball glasses on shelf.

Portland looks at Rome. ''But there would be a body of sun scars.''

,,Maybe Jesus Christ was of the black?'' says Rome. He looks at row of lowball glasses and stacks. ''And Jesus don't scar.''

They stare.

Portland looks at bourbon. She says, ,,Minister was Pope.''

Rome looks at Portland, ,,A pope, right?''

Portland shrugs.

Rome says, ''I heard someone rumor Minister was Monk.'' Rome slouches. ''I want to believe the rumor to be true.''

Portland looks at Rome and shrugs.

Rome says, ''I also heard Babylon knew Jesus the Christ before Babylon drank so much blood that he became a baby again.''

Portland peers.

''What!'' says Rome with arms out and shoulders shrugged. ''It's true.''

Portland sips bourbon. ,,Babylon is gone.''

,,Babylon wanted to die,'' says Rome.

,,She said she wanted to die,'' says Portland.

Rome looks along bar and over tables then looks at Portland. ,,She?''

,,Babylon was often she.'' Portland sniffs bourbon oak sweet. >Like whiskey cotton candy,< sees Portland to Rome's mind.

Rome nods.

Portland looks at mirror and sees a reflection. ''Babylon did say she wanted to know why we are.''

Rome slouches and lays palm on bar. ,,Don't make me one of you with your we.'' Rome grins and glances a peer at Portland. ''I thought Babylon was always a guy?''

Portland shakes head.

Rome says, ''Babylon gave her body to the government?''

Portland nods head.

Rome taps bar and walks away nodding. ''And do you remember hearing anything about Babylon since?'' Rome grabs pint glass and walks to beer taps; pulls tap handle and looks at Portland. ''I certainly don't. And now that I think about it I do remember soon after she left there were those engineered nano beings trying to mimic what the blood do naturally.'' Rome shakes head and watches the beer flow then glances at Portland. ''Maybe she became a zombie?''

,,Maybe they have perfected their mimic?'' says Portland.

Rome holds pint of beer before Portland. ,,We know who's good people.''

Portland nods. She lifts whiskey and swallows swallow and feels the warm sweet. The oak sweat pours bourbon sugar.

The basement stairs squeak to the door. The door handle rattles. The door opens.

Rome smiles and nods. ''Renaissance always comes around.'' Rome walks with beer from bar and from Portland's stare.

Portland stares at the wall of whiskey bottles. She says, ,,I am not human. I never was. There was a body. Now that body is gone. We can be everywhere.''

,,Yes, you could,'' says Rome reaching for a cylinder bottle of whiskey. ''Now we can only be dust.'' Rome pours and turns knob by well of bar.

Guitar, drums and vocal strings sing...

People sit on stools at bar and around tables.

Rome pours beer and whiskey...

People talk...

Songs sing...

People sit around Portland.

Rome cooks tater tots, hamburger, grilled cheese...

Images move across screens...

Rome talks and smiles and winks...

Rome turns knob by well of bar.

Drums, bass and chorus sing from loud to quiet.

Rome says, ''I did hear a rumor Minister was first to drink blood.''

Portland stares into whiskey. She blinks away the people talk trance and siren's song singing with guitar strings jukebox. Portland looks at Rome. ,,That rumor I believe to be true.''

Rome peers at Portland. ,,Were you there?''

Portland lifts head from a sip. ,,No.'' She shakes head slow. ''But, I did hear it from, from...'' Portland looks away. ''What's the name...'' She looks at Rome. ''It was before Bishop was Jesus Christ.''

,,Who's Bishop?'' Rome smiles and looks at Portland. ''And isn't it Jesus the Christ?''

Portland sips bourbon, says, ,,Bishop is Minister...Too.''

Rome says, ,,Never knew that.'' He looks at Portland, stares. ''Is Minister a man?''

Portland looks at Rome. ,,Typically. But now. I don't know.''

Rome nods.

People sit along bar, around tables. People talk and point at television screens...

Portland burps, smiles, sets whiskey glass on bar.

A door opens.

,,Excuse me, Rome,'' says Nathaniel.

,,Nathaniel,'' says Rome.

,,Rome,'' says Nathaniel nodding.

,,Water or beer today,'' says Rome.

,,I think beer.''

,,Beer it is.''

Nathaniel leans and presses elbow on bar, says, ,,Portland.''

Portland looks up, nods.

Nathaniel points to Portland's whiskey glass. ''I hope that's American Rye for the American Rye Revolution.''

Portland nods.

Rome sets pint of beer before Portland.

Nathaniel and Portland stare. Nathaniel says, ''How about those Blazers?''

Portland shakes head.

''Thanks, Rome,'' says Nathaniel. ''And get one for Portland.''

,,She's got one, Nathaniel.'' Rome grabs mug and pulls beer tap handle.

Beer flows.

Nathaniel looks at Portland's beer then Portland then Rome as Nathaniel speaks baritone over music and idle people and televisions chatter. ,,I SEE THAT SHE DOES.''

,,Thanks for the offer,'' says Portland. Portland looks at Rome, and Rome looks at Portland.

Rome pours foam, sets mug before Nathaniel.

Nathaniel smiles, sits and looks at screen, drinks beer. His face relaxes. ,,Thanks, Rome.''

Rome nods.

Nathaniel stares at screen.

Rome walks along bar.

Bacon smoke puffs from grill.

Portland sips beer bitter fumes and smacks lips at mirror. She slides beer away.

Mirror reflects, but shows nothing beyond the skin and the cloth to cover and hide the thoughts inside the reflection.

Nathaniel smiles.

Someone says loud, ,,SPORTS.'' A few people cheer.

The reflection of the mirror blinks, and Portland glances at Nathaniel.

,,Another whiskey,'' says Rome.

Portland lifts an empty lowball glass. ,,I've got a secret.''

,,You have a reflection,'' says Nathaniel staring at the screen.

Human image shoots basketball across court to hoop.

Rome puts hand on bottle, lifts bottle, pours whiskey into lowball glass. ,,Is that your secret?''

Portland sips whiskey. ,,It's a new robe.'' She smiles.

Rome flicks frayed cuff. He grins with side of face. ,,I've seen this before.'' He looks in the mirror behind the bottle tops of bourbon and rye.

Portland reflects from the mirror.

A few people along bar reflect from the mirror as they stand, sit, drink and watch the large television images.

Rome says, ''PORTLAND HAS SECRETS.''

Nathaniel reflects from the mirror, says, ,,You're human or you drank the blood of another of my people and turned them into a vampire.'' Nathaniel nods head.

,,I prefer vampir,'' says Rome.

,,And not vrykolakas,'' says Nathaniel.

,,Not anymore,'' says Rome.

Nathaniel smiles. ,,Ever call yourself a Lilith?''

,,Yeah.'' Rome grabs pint glass then pulls tap handle. ''For a while.'' He looks at Nathaniel. ''As a joke.'' He stares at Nathaniel. ''Because I'm not Lilith.'' He pushes tap handle and rests pint of beer on bar.

Nathaniel looks at Portland. ,,You know Lilith was one of the blood?''

Rome smiles and lays hands on bar. ,,I've heard stories, but...''

,,Well, it's true,'' says Nathaniel.

,,It is true,'' says Portland. ''Lilith knew Satan.''

,,And they are both of the blood,'' says Nathaniel.

,,That is true,'' says Portland.

Nathaniel looks at Rome and spreads arms and palms at Portland, says, ,,What'd I tell ya?''

,,Was Minister Satan?'' says Rome peering at Nathaniel.

Nathaniel lowers arms. ,,That's only rumor.'' He looks at Portland, says, ''But what's not rumor is Portland drank blood and created another blood sucking vampire!'' He slaps the bar and glares at Portland. ''Was the body they pulled from the river this morning your first?''

Portland looks at Nathaniel. ,,Maybe.''

,,They pulled a body from the river?'' says Rome.

Nathaniel looks at Rome. ,,Yeah. Rumor is that the person got attacked by something. There was a helicopter over the river most the morning with police boats seaching the river.''

Rome and Nathaniel look at Portland.

Portland says, ,,I drank Minister's blood.''

,,Really?'' says Rome. Rome puts hands on bar and cocks head left, stares at Portland. ''And you pooled?''

Portland looks at Rome. ,,Minister's.''

,,Really?'' says Rome.

,,Really,'' says Portland.

Nathaniel looks at Portland. ,,Good. No new vampires.''

Rome smiles fangs and walks along bar.

Nathaniel looks at screen. ''Careful now, Rome.''

Portland smiles, drinks whiskey. Following the burn into body and through mind giving taste to pleasure, she looks to a television and watches the basketball game...

...The game ends.

Nathaniel stands, raises a palm before Portland.

Portland raises a palm.

Nathaniel slaps palm with Portland's palm, says, ''Portland.'' He raises a hand to Rome.

Rome looks at Nathaniel, says, ,,See ya, Nathaniel,'' pours whiskey into Portland's glass.

Nathaniel smiles, swats air and walks to back door and parking lot.

People talk.

Rome says, ''So I was going to ask you, but Nathaniel was around.'' Rome stops a pour, glances around pub, looks at Portland. ''I thought human blood was the only blood to create one of the blood?''

,,I still don't know the rules,'' says Portland. She leans forward. She smiles and winks at Rome. ''With human blood: vampires. Too many vampires would be boring.''

Rome says, ,,Even if you just pool human?''

Portland shrugs.

Rome nods and grabs a pint glass and rubs it with towel. ''You think Nathaniel will become a vampire?''

,,Given he has a choice,'' says Portland. ''He will be the last human.''

Rome smiles and nods, holds pint glass under tap and beer stream. ,,Is it much different being one of the blood?''

,,I don't know.'' Portland feels the whiskey fumes spread through mouth, throat and body. ''The difference.'' She looks at Rome. ''A vampire's never been black. And blood's never been human.''

Rome looks at Portland and pours foam. ,,You drink human blood?'' Rome sets glass of beer on bar.

Portland stares and says, ,,No.''

Rome grabs a lowball glass and a bottle of whiskey. ,,Those rites of passage or the rhymes of the blood and black while burning myrrh or whatever they're called aren't rules?'' He pours.

Portland stares. ,,No. They're.'' She burps. ''They're possible explanations for the unknown.''

Rome grabs mugs. ,,Isn't one something like pool from human blood for the blood strife and once for forever life?'' Rome looks at Portland.

Portland shrugs.

''Of the black,'' says Rome. ''And couldn't a vampire be of the black if they become human then become a vampire?''

Portland grins. ,,Why are vampires always so particular?'' Portland squints at Rome. ''All these questions. Is there a rule book? Are vampires trying to take over?'' Portland stares and feels waves of fumes float mind. ''I won't fade in sunlight.'' She looks at whiskey, sips rye.

A pit of pepper rye shocks then soothes.

She says, ''I can feel the whiskey,'' as she feels the fumes and flow warm through cold body. ''I could always taste it.''

Rome says, ,,How does that work?''

Portland smiles, shrugs.

They stare tension and feeling.

Rome spreads arms. ''What!'' He winks. ''Do you ever talk about this stuff?''

Portland shakes head.

Rome nods head, pours beer and whiskey...

Rome walks bar...

People nod at Rome.

Portland stares...

Rome stands by well and pours a whiskey.

Portland says, ,,I don't think I need to drink human blood.''

Rome winks, smiles. ,,Always godda make yourself better than me.'' Rome steps back.

Rome pours whiskey and beer...

Portland drinks rye...

Fumes bloom tongue.

She covers eyes with eyelids and swallows. Fumes and sweet sweat of rye oak flow through Portland. She uncovers eyes and stares into darkness...

...Darkness brightens with Sun. Sun shines black window tint.

>|Sun,< Portland sees to all.

,,Another,'' says a voice.

People talk, laugh, cheer.

Television images caste Football and players. Players wear helmets, pads and jerseys to run and hit players on striped field. Football is kicked, thrown, caught, held, fumbled. The images play a game...

A loud cheer opens Portland's mind.

Rome says with talk louder than chatter. ,,Need a pillow?'' He nods at ceiling. ''Got a room upstairs for a nap.''

Portland opens eyelids wide. She pushes body from a slump. She stares at images. ,,No.''

Images reflect from the mirror between whiskey bottles to the people along the bar. People sit and stand by raised tables and stools. People stare at Football screens.

Music plays with claps and cheers.

Portland feels Rome near, says, ''What game is this?'' Her shoulders slouch. She smiles with spread of fume euphoria lifting body and floating mind.

On screen, a Football is kicked.

Rome says, ,,Second.''

The Football twirls between yellow posts.

A few people cheer, boo and clap.

Player images run onto the field image.

Portland stares at screen.

Portland looks at the river and rail relief between the bottles, the mirror, the fryers, grill and fridge.

Television reads 4th, 00:00.

,,And that's two,'' says Portland. She grabs lowball glass and drinks last rye swallow.

,,Now game three.'' Rome says above chatter, ''Same.''

Portland's bent neck hovers head over half-drunk beer. ,,Rittenhouse, yes.''

Rye fumes fill body.

Thoughts float from Portland to minds around, >|...Sun...Sleep. Sun...Sleep. Sun...Please no blood. Please no blood. Please no blood...<

Portland spins slow on stool and leans back and elbows on bar.

A few people glance and look at Portland.

She stares...

She spins and rests chest and elbows on bar. She burps and tastes salt.

Portland drinks. Portland says, ''The rumor of Jesus Christ being Minister is confusing. Or any thing.'' She stares.

Rome looks at Portland.

Portland stares at Rome, sees to Rome, >|Why die?<

They stare.

Rome shrugs.

Portland burps, tastes salt.

A man shivers. Rain drops drip from raincoat hood. He speaks quiet next to Rome's ear.

Portland says, ''How did Jesus Christ survive years in the sun before being crucified?''

Rome steps and grabs whiskey bottle and a lowball glass, scoops ice, pours and looks at Portland.

Person and raincoat drip water on bar.

Portland watches the water drop and pool on bar, says, ''Then how did Minister survive all those years under the sun without age?'' She lifts arm and points finger at Rome, looks at him.

Rome points to self. ,,Are you pointing at me?'' He smiles. ''He took blood from those crucified before him,'' says Rome. He nods and sets lowball of whiskey by pool of water. ''Or maybe he was of the black? He always talked at night or was covered head to toe with robe.'' Rome wipes rag over bar. ''Maybe he was a zombie?''

A loud and soothing voice says, ,,HEY, Portland, haven't seen you in a while.''

Portland leans back and looks to side. ,,JEFF,'' she says loud.

Rome looks at Jeff.

,,Two,'' says Jeff as he looks at Portland. ''Been a while?''

Portland smiles. ,,How you been?''

,,Good,'' says Jeff. ''You?''

Portland slightly nods. ,,Good.''

,,Do you want to hear a secret, Jeff?'' says Rome as Rome grabs and sets three lowball glasses along bar.

,,I could always go for a secret.'' Jeff glances from Rome to Portland. ''Got one?''

Rome grabs a whiskey bottle. ,,Portland has a few.''

Jeff looks at Rome. ,,I'm sure Portland has many.''

,,I want to hear one,'' says Rome.

Portland sips whiskey, nods.

Jeff glances at Portland. ,,Something different about you? Should I notice?''

Rome looks at Jeff. ,,I've been saying the same thing.''

,,I cocooned,'' says Portland.

Jeff stares at Portland.

,,So you can feel that?'' says Jeff as Jeff points at whiskey.

Portland grins. ,,It feels.''

Rome pours a neat double of golden bourbon into lowball glass, says, ,,Have a double.''

,,Hell! Have a triple,'' says Jeff. ''Do you still like American rye now that you can feel it?''

Portland smiles. ,,Yes.''

Rome stares while arm reaches and grabs bottle from shelf. ,,So when you sucked out Minister's blood, did he have a lot?''

,,You sucked Minister's blood!'' says Jeff.

Portland grins. ,,Yes.''

Rome peers at Jeff. ,,Is that good?''

,,What ever works,'' says Jeff.

Rome pours a long pour of vodka into lowball glass. ,,Is Minister a storer?''

Portland stares at Rome then shakes the stare away. ,,I don't know,'' says Portland. ''Minister had a lot of blood.'' Portland follows Rome's stare to the lowball glass top. ''I left blood for Sun.''

Rome stares at Portland and pours a splash of orange juice. He slides screwdriver to Jeff.

,,Well, holy shit,'' says Jeff. ''You can finally feel your whiskey. Congratulations. Well, how is it?'' Jeff grabs screwdriver and sips.

Portland says, ,,Good.''

,,Did you take it all?'' says Rome.

Portland sips whiskey. ,,The blood? No.'' She looks from Rome to Jeff. ''How do you know?''

Rome tosses empty bottle to can, steps away.

Glass shatter clashes chatter and talk.

Jeff sips and says part swallow, ,,Well,'' swallows. ''There are signs you need blood. Or human food like energy. Muscles cramp. Joints lock as they fuse through feeding the soul.'' Jeff grins.

Portland leans head back and peers at Jeff.

Jeff winks. ''When you can't pour or suck no blood from their body, that's how you know you've left them bloodless.''

Portland looks at Jeff. ,,I pooled from Minister's blood.''

Jeff says, ,,You pooled and sucked Minister's blood.'' Jeff grins and chuckles. ''That's nice of you.''

Rome shrugs, twists bottle cap, breaks seal. ,,Well, Minister might be a storer.'' Rome pours vodka.

Jeff leans close and says, ,,So that means you better hope you drained and sucked Minister's blood and lay the body out for the sun.'' Jeff sips, shakes head. ''Well, what little sun there is. You've got to remember drain all the blood because you don't know when you drink again.'' Jeff smiles to a grin. ''Ya', got that, Portland.''

Portland smiles and nods. ,,Sucked Minister twice.'' She postures and stares. ''Or was it three times? Bleed once for Sun to cocoon.''

Jeff says, ,,And pooled. Minister's a storer.''

Rome pours a splash of orange juice, nods head and pushes other screwdriver to Jeff. He looks at Jeff and says, ,,Anything else I can get you guys, Jeff?''

Jeff shakes head and grabs the other screwdriver and takes Rome's stare from Portland. ,,No. That's all I'll be having for now.'' Jeff tips glass, sips screwdriver. ''Thanks, Rome.'' Jeff looks at Portland and says, ''There's a seat at the table if the bar gets lonely.'' Jeff walks away to table.

Rome stares at Portland. ,,If Minister's a storer then shouldn't he be okay for two or three days?''

Portland shrugs, sips whiskey.

Rome leans on bar. ''What about Sun?''

Portland says, ,,Sun.'' She drinks whiskey.

People talk cheers and boos to mutterings and moanings.

Rome looks at Portland.

Portland says, ''Sun is discovering what it is.''

Rome nods. ,,You taught Sun the Proofs of Time?''

,,They were... Are sung,'' says Portland. ''The myrrh scent smell.'' She swats hands. ''And all that other stupid shit.''

Rome presses hand on bar and stands at attention. Rome looks from that side of the pub to the other side of the pub, says, ,,How does Minister feel about Sun becoming a blood sweater?''

Portland stares into mirror. ,,Minister wants a blood sweater.''

Rome grabs four pint glasses. ,,You want Sun to become human?''

Portland says, ,,I don't care.''

Rome says, ,,Did you smell the myrrh blood burn?''

,,ROME,'' shouts someone.

Rome blinks away stare, looks to side, nods at Portland and walks bar. Rome talks and fills lowball glasses with whiskey and pint glasses with beer. Rome glances at the dart board and Portland. Rome steps and pours drinks and cashes-out and grabs glasses.

People clap and drum roll over tables then sit still staring at the screens.

Portland drinks whiskey.

People cheer, talk.

Rome claps. ,,THAT'S A BULLS.'' Rome pours whiskey and beer...

Portland looks at whiskey.

The whiskey is, >|American,< rye.

Rome looks at Portland. ''That was weird. What were you thinking of the past?''

Portland looks at Rome. ,,I was not thinking.'' She burps. She exhales to Rome's face.

Rome fans hand at exhale, says, ,,Ewwwwe.''

Portland grins. ,,I was drinking.'' Her head feels to fade.

,,I can't smell,'' says Rome. Rome looks behind at opening door, walks along bar and by fryers, grill, fridge. Rome opens freezer door and grabs brown bag and walks bag to fryers, dumps tater tots from bag to fry basket. Rome lowers the basket into fryer and puts bag in freezer.

>|The fuck, you can't,< sees Portland to Rome's mind.

''I KNOW WHAT YOU'RE THINKING,'' says Rome loud.

A few people look from screens to bar.

Portland stares at mirror...

She burps rye and bourbon.

Jeff stands by bar holding empty lowball glass. ,,You need a beer, Portland?''

Portland looks at Jeff and smiles.

''All that whiskey has got to be making you dry,'' says Jeff.

Rome sets lowball glass on bar, dumps rocks, pours vodka.

Portland watches the vodka pour and says at Jeff, ,,I spread the rumor that Portland was called Portland because it is believed The Port for the good people to become some greater beings.''

Rome looks at Portland. ,,That's funny, because that is the reason I moved here.'' He nods and grabs pint glass and pours beer.

Jeff says, ,,It's why I'm here.''

Portland winks and lifts neck from slump under wash and splash of liquid heavy sinking mind and head.

Jeff grabs lowball screwdriver, nods to Rome then Portland with step away.

Rome sits on stool at end of bar an exhale of smoke away from Portland. Rome sighs and pulls joint from behind ear, strikes match.

,,I seen Moses,'' says Rome as he exhales smoke.

Portland smiles and inhales pot.

,,Next you say you seen Muhammad,'' says Portland.

Rome nods and ashes. ,,Nobody sees Muhammad. And every body knows no body sees Muhammad.''

The smoke waves and flows and clouds through beam of light from mirror.

''See what I'm sayin'.''

Portland lifts two fingers from hanging hand. ,,I see.''

Rome says, ,,Joint.'' Rome pats shirt pocket and pulls from pocket a gold case and flips back shiny gold lid.

,,No,'' says Portland.

Portland stares at Rome's pot smoke float and form lines and a cloud. ''What's Moses doing?''

Rome exhales. ,,Don't know. Just saw him. Didn't talk with him. Take it you didn't?''

Portland shakes head.

Rome nods and pulls joint from gold case and slides joint behind ear. Rome says, ''Are you even drunk?'' The gold case snaps closed.

,,Maybe, but now it's the aftertaste.'' Portland smacks tongue on roof of mouth. ''I can taste.'' She rubs tongue on roof of mouth. ''Salt.'' She says, ''Warm, thick tangy something.''

Rome stares at Portland and smiles. ,,Tangy something.'' Rome squints an eye to question mark. ''Salty?''

Portland stares at Rome. ,,Tangy. Like.'' She smacks lips. ''Blood.''

Rome slides gold case in pocket. ,,Have you had food?''

,,No,'' says Portland.

,,You should eat something.'' Rome says, ''You want to eat something?''

Portland looks at Rome. ,,I don't.''

Rome inhales...

Rome smashes joint into joint tray. ,,I'll get you some tater tots.''

,,Tater tots,'' says Portland.

Rome exhales, slaps bar top and walks to end of bar and freezer. Rome grabs bag and dumps the tater tots into basket.

Portland shrugs. ''I feel it.'' She nods head. Head bobs and sways in whiskey river flowing from the rain.

Rome talks with people along bar...

Grease smoke evaporates Portland's feel of liquid heavy.

Rome pours drinks.

,,Beer,'' is said.

Music sings.

Rome pours beers and sets pints of beer on bar.

People stare at screens.

A few people cough.

Rome talks, tosses fried tater tots to basket and walks to Portland.

Portland stares at Football field image.

Rome looks at Portland. ,,You okay.''

Portland nods. ,,I heard Ra has a new name.''

Rome shrugs and quickly nods head and says, ,,It's weird.''

,,Now I need to know,'' says Portland tapping fist bottom on bar.

,,John,'' says Rome.

Portland slams fist bottom on bar. ,,JOHN!''

,,Yes,'' says Rome. ''Have you peed?''

Portland leans forward. ,,What?''

,,Peed?'' Rome says, ''Just thought Ra peed because Ra liked toilets.''

,,Pee?'' says Portland. ''Do you need to pee?''

Rome looks. ,,I can if I drink. Anything but blood, it goes right through me, but I'm a vampire.''

Bacon smoke floats and flows.

Portland smells blood, and hunger burn spreads heat.

''JEFF,'' says Rome loud. ''YOU NEED TO PEE?''

Jeff walks past while staring at screen. He nods. ,,Matter of fact, I do.''

,,But do you need to pee?'' says Portland.

Jeff says, ,,I can answer that question after I pee.'' Jeff steps away.

The bathroom door closes.

Portland looks at bathroom door. She looks at television and watches two men sit behind desk and move mouths while Football film clips and graphics appear behind the desk and between the bodies. She looks at the bathroom door.

She looks at basket of tater tots before her.

Jeff steps from bathroom.

Portland stares at Jeff.

He steps to bar and leans against.

,,Do we need to pee, poop?'' says Portland.

,,Well,'' says Jeff louder than the talk around. ''You need to get rid of it some how. I prefer the traditional methods of animals. Pissin' and shittin'.''

,,How else?'' says Portland.

Jeff leans and says loud enough for Portland to hear and to be lost in the talk and the quiet Football noises from televisions. ,,Listen, you don't need sweat, shit or puke anything you eat once full formed. You're not of the light. You can make it energy as soon as it hits the stomach if you have a stomach. Use it to run fast. Use it to fly. To feel full if you have no stomach.'' He lowers his voice for only Portland to hear. ''Like any state of life. It comes down to who you live around. What you want to do. The blood you consume.'' Jeff grins. ''I like shitting and pissing.''

,,Why didn't you become human?'' says Portland.

Jeff says, ,,They can't fly.''

Portland opens eyes wide to question mark. ,,An eagle?''

,,They can't talk,'' says Jeff. Jeff sips and says, ''You should know all this.'' He winks. ''You owned this bar afterall. You use to have the blood and the black in here that were regulars. Didn't you talk?''

Portland says, ,,I danced and gambled.'' She shrugs and nods head with shoulder fall.

Jeff nods and smiles. ,,Yeah, I suppose you don't talk much during either.''

Rome leans toward Portland and Jeff while pouring a beer. ,,No one talks about the blood or the black.''

Jeff says, ,,Yeah, well, probably better that way.''

Portland smiles. ,,Don't they have any books about the blood and the black like they do vampires?''

,,No,'' says Jeff. ''Well, except Jesus Christ, Satan...'' Jeff stares away words and looks at Rome. ''But nothing about shit, piss.''

Rome pours a vodka into lowball glass before Jeff. Rome says, ,,Those of the black. Those of the blood. Only during dark do they come.''

,,Whatever, Rome,'' says Jeff.

Portland smiles.

Rome pours whiskey into Portland's glass then walks to talk.

Portland stands from stool and steps away from bar. ,,When do the people arrive?''

,,We're already here,'' says Jeff.

Portland smiles with Jeff and says, ,,When do the people arrive?''

,,Come sit,'' says Jeff.

,,Yes,'' says Portland grabbing basket of tater tots and whiskey glass. She steps, feels hunger burn to slosh.

The world of Portland sways with each near misstep.

Portland follows Jeff between tables, seats, backs, legs with nods and a smile.

People stare at the wide and tall screens mounted on walls above doors and bar.

Jeff stands by seat by table by wall.

Portland slides whiskey glass and tater tots basket on the table. She sits by Chrissy and Jean.

Chrissy and Jean look and smile at Portland.

Chrissy leans toward Portland with look becoming a stare. ,,Jeff told us about.'' She smiles and leans back. ''You know.''

Portland smiles at Chrissy.

,,It's called being of the blood,'' says Jeff.

Chrissy says, ,,Why did you finally cocoon?'' She puts hand on chest. ''Was it worth it?''

Jean leans shoulders toward Portland. ,,You walk really good.''

Portland smiles and winks at Jean. She looks at Chrissy. ,,Yes.''

Jeff looks from television screens to Portland and nods. ,,You fly?'' He sips vodka.

Portland nods, says, ,,Yes.''

Jeff smiles and slowly nods, looks at Portland. ,,Now that's fun.'' Jeff points to the food. ''You can use it to fly because if you don't use this food for energy you use blood and your body.'' Jeff leans close and stares at Portland. ''Food can't heal you from sun burn or cure the blood burn.'' Jeff grins. ''Blood can.''

,,You could write a book on this,'' says Chrissy.

Jeff says, ,,I know I could, but why would I want to be the asshole who tells everyone our secrets.'' Jeff looks at Portland. ''Besides, what do I know?''

Chrissy nods and looks at Portland. ,,Sun's of the blood, too,'' says Chrissy.

Portland stares with Chrissy. ,,Or human.''

Chrissy stares with Portland.

Jeff tips glass and drinks screwdriver. ,,Tell Chrissy whose blood you pooled and drank.''

Portland sips whiskey. ,,Minister's.''

Chrissy smiles away stare. ,,Bishop's!''

Jean smiles. ,,Wow, that's pretty amazing.''

Portland says, ,,No.''

,,You drank the blood of the blood,'' says Jeff staring at Portland.

,,Are you going to eat?'' says Chrissy.

Portland grabs tater tot. She puts tater tot in mouth and bites, swallows.

Portland's belly convulses, and throat gorges with blood. She coughs.

Jeff says, ,,You gotta chew and you gotta try a grilled cheese.''

,,Grilled cheese and bacon,'' says Chrissy.

,,And tomato,'' says Jean. ''I'll get it.'' Jean drinks beer then pushes away from table, stands and pulls down skirt.

,,You could yell it,'' says Jeff.

,,You can yell it,'' says Jean. Jean looks around the table. ''Anyone need anything else?''

Jeff drinks screwdriver. ,,Got all I need.''

,,I'm fine, thanks though,'' says Chrissy.

Jean looks at Portland.

Portland shakes head.

Jean nods and walks away.

Portland swallows.

,,So...'' Jeff stares. ''So whatya doing these days, Portland? Haven't seen you here for a while.''

,,Are you?'' says Chrissy and touches Portland's hand then stares at Portland. ''You are.''

Jeff glances at Chrissy and winks. ,,Honey, that's why she choked on food.''

,,Well, I know that, Jeff. But I just can't believe it.'' She looks at Jeff. ''After over millenniums of knowing her without a body.'' Chrissy looks at Portland. ''And then one day she's got a body.'' She stares at Portland. ''And Jeff doesn't think that's weird.''

Portland smiles. ,,It is weird.''

,,I can't even remember what it was like to be of the black,'' says Chrissy.

,,I remember my first drink,'' says Jeff, drinks screwdriver. ''And my second, third, fourth...''

,,Oh, watch that play,'' says Chrissy.

They watch the replay.

Portland nods. Nod flows through body, and the body tips. Mouth fills with blood, and stomach sways opposite way of body and head. Portland swallows blood, opens eyes and looks at Chrissy.

''Portland?'' says Chrissy.

,,Are you alright?'' says Jeff. He leans toward Portland. ''Is that blood?''

Portland stares and swallows thick liquid. Her head hangs.

,,I'm going to get you some water,'' says Chrissy standing and walking toward bar.

,,It's okay to puke,'' says Jeff. ''You might feel better.'' Jeff looks at Portland.  ''Don't drink more unless you slowly want to die.'' He lifts screwdriver and drinks. ''Drink the blood a second time.'' He grins. ''Then you can drink forever.'' Jeff bites ice. ''Or is it a third?'' He looks at Portland and shrugs. ''But what do I know?''

Portland stares to the chalkboard and a dart board and swallows blood.

Chrissy says, ,,Maybe you should go to the-''

Portland steps between seats and people to bathroom, opens door, lifts toilet lid.

Chest quivers, convulses. Blood sprays from mouth. Toilet water splashes.

Portland heaves, heaves and gags, coughs and heaves blood.

Blood drips from her lips, and she stares at her reflection in water and blood.

Her body convulses calm through a fluid, flowing, body swaying...

She pushes back against wall, stands, stumbles and pushes flush handle, pulls sink handles and washes face, hands. She sees blood drop on toilet bowl and wipes blood drop from side of toilet bowl with wet toilet paper. She flushes. Before the toilet bowl fills, she opens door and steps into pot smoke, music, talk and laughter.

Grease fumes clouds.

People stand, sit, walk about. They throw darts and stare at televisions.

,,NEED HELP?'' hollers Jeff.

With sway and swagger, Portland finds the feet to step and sit before a plate with sandwich and fries.

,,I got you fries. No spice is on them,'' says Jean.

Chrissy says, ,,Why did Rome put spice on your tater tots?'' Chrissy pushes pint of water before Portland. ''Is he crazy?''

Jeff sips vodka. ,,He's a vampire.''

Portland smiles.

''Did you have fun puking?'' says Jeff. His eyes look from television to Portland. ''I did for about a year. But it's not my body or blood. You should try your grilled cheese and bacon.'' Jeff peers at Portland and shows teeth. ''How's the teeth?''

Portland swallows and shows teeth, gums, blood.

Jeff leans forward and peers. ''Your teeth are still covered in gums.'' He leans back. ''You bite that away. That's the blood.'' He looks at Portland. ''You are new.'' He looks at television.

Chrissy stares at Portland and points at her bottom lip.

Portland licks bottom lip and tastes tang of blood. She nods, clears throat, swallows. She bites sandwich, chews. Tongue and gums squish with scabs. Whiskey blood tongue pushes food. Teeth bite tongue. Portland winces.

Jeff wrinkles brow, says, ''I bet all you taste is the tang of blood and that whiskey.'' Jeff peers at Portland. ''How long you been of the blood?''

Portland stops chew, says. ,,Hours.''

,,Well, you might not want to drink any more whiskey.'' Jeff relaxes brow and drinks screwdriver. ''Your body's not yet formed.''

,,Your voice changes,'' says Chrissy.

,,That's right,'' says Jeff. ''But the voice you have in your mind is the one you'll hear. Everyone else gets to hear your new high pitched voice.'' Jeff grins.

Portland nods.

,,So, where's Sun?'' says Jean.

Images of Sun as a pool of blood spread red and pain from Portland to all.

Chrissy, Jean, Jeff and Rome glance at Portland.

,,A cocoon,'' says Portland chewing and chewing.

,,Oh,'' says Jean. ''Is it?''

Portland stares at Jean and chews, glances at Rome.

Rome pours beer, nods, walks along bar.

Jeff says, ,,You're going to have to swallow the food to complete the digestive track, Portland.''

,,I know,'' says Portland spitting bits of bread.

Jeff smiles at Portland. ,,Just checkin'.''

The smile spreads joy through Portland. She swallows, smiles.

Jeff nods and drinks and watches the television above.

,,So why did you finally decide to become of the blood?'' says Chrissy nibbling end of fry. ''I thought you'd never be bored enough of the black.''

Portland drinks whiskey. She says loud and calm and with a bit of lyric, ,,Not bored. Only curious. Not blood. Don't want to drink forever. Don't want Sun to be either.''

,,You haven't drank blood after the cocoon?'' says Jean.

,,Minister's,'' says Portland.

,,And Sun used your blood to cocoon?'' says Chrissy. ''But wouldn't that be more Minister's blood?'' Her brow wrinkles as she peers question at Portland.

Jeff says, ,,It be more the animals' bloods Minister drank.'' Jeff stares at Portland. ''You have a death wish.''

Portland stares at Jeff. ,,No.'' She drinks whiskey. ''I don't believe in wishes.''

Jeff looks at television. ,,How did you cut Minister?''

Portland looks at Jeff. ,,I hit head with a high chair. Slit the throat.''

Jeff looks at Portland. ,,He's that animal like?''

Portland nods.

Jeff looks to screen. ''Yeah, I never did good with moving objects when I was of the black.''

Jean looks at Portland. ,,I'm sure there's a few people in here that will feed you their blood,'' says Jean looking at a woman siting near door.

,,The world doesn't need another vampire,'' says Portland.

Jeff smiles. ,,Ya' got that right.'' He looks at Portland. ''You can always burn the body after you're done.''

,,Jeff!'' says Chrissy.

Portland cringes and glances at Jeff and looks at Chrissy. ,,No, too violent.''

Chrissy and Jean nod. Jeff shrugs shoulders and looks at Chrissy. ,,I didn't make the rules.''

,,Then who did,'' says Jean. ''And what are they?'' Jean eats fries.

Portland grabs a fry and raises it to mouth.

,,They're good,'' says Jeff.

,,The rules,'' says Jean.

,,No.'' Jeff's lips form an O. ''The fries.'' He drinks vodka. ''Who knows the rules? Wasn't Babylon wanting to know all the rules?''

Chrissy says, ,,This is kind of a boring subject guys.''

,,I know,'' says Jeff. ''Pregame.''

Portland bites the fry. Grease burns her tongue and lip. She tosses fry and spits.

Blood and chewed fry splat.

Burn spreads and cools, and lip is numb.

''You okay?'' says Jeff.

Portland touches bottom lip.

,,How hot are these?'' says Chrissy looking at Jean while grabbing fry.

,,They're not that hot,'' says Jean grabbing Portland's fry.

Jeff leans on table. ,,The group over by the door would let you have blood.'' He leans back and drinks, swallows, gasps. ''A little blood, you could drink burning grease with no pain or damage.'' He looks at the televisions.

Portland shakes head.

Jeff says, ''Your choice, but just let me know.'' He eats a fry then leans back on chair.

Television images reflect from eyes.

They watch Football...

Portland swallows and stares at the televisions...

Near hypnotized, Jeff says, ''We should get home before the second quarter.''

,,Yeah,'' says Chrissy. ''I could sit on a couch.''

Jeff lifts finger from table and looks at Chrissy. ,,You ready?''

Chrissy slips and stands from stool.

,,I'm going to stay here,'' says Jean.

Jeff looks at Portland. ,,Couch, bigger screen?''

Portland smiles. ,,I need to sit at the bar.''

,,Okay,'' says Jeff. He grabs skimask from table. He looks at Portland. ''Have a good evening. And enjoy your second blood.'' He looks at Jean. ''See you later.'' He and Chrissy pull skimasks over heads.

,,Bye.'' Chrissy waves. ''Say hi to Sun for me.''

They walk to door with Jeff raising a hand. ,,See ya, Rome.''

Door opens to dim gray day.

,,Jeff,'' says Rome as he walks bar to grab a whiskey.

The door closes.

Portland and Jean sit and stare at the door.

Televisions cast images through eyes, glasses. A few people clap while others mumble and moan.

The door opens and the door closes.

People sit and settle. They stand and stare television to television.

Portland and Jean sit, eat cold fries, drink and stare.

,,There's two seats at the bar,'' says Jean.

Portland grabs lowball glass and plate with fries and grilled cheese crust.

Jean grabs pint glass and tater tots' basket.

Jean and Portland sit at the bar.

They stare at mirror and whiskey bottles.

Rome walks side to side.

People cheer, and the music plays from song to song near a whisper. Grease and pot smoke swirl through air.

Portland drinks whiskey.

Rome walks and stops and pours whiskey into Portland's lowball glass.

,,When are you going to change your name?'' says Rome.

Portland holds whiskey glass and raises eyebrows. ,,Maybe?'' Portland lowers eyebrows and sips whiskey. She feels the warm, the bliss, the fumes and smiles and says, ''Maybe.''

,,What would it be?'' says Rome as he wipes rag over bar.

,,Jesus Christ,'' says Portland.

Jean smiles and nods. ,,I like that.''

Rome nods.

Portland sees to all. >|Change to Dead.<

Rome and Jean stare.

Portland contorts face and slowly pivots head. Face relaxes and head stops with words. ,,Never thought of that.'' She lifts whiskey. ''You know. You know.'' She sets whiskey down. ''You know. I never think much about.'' She smiles. ''My names.'' She stands and pushes back stool. ''HELL, your names.'' Her cheeks release smile and the muscles relax as she stares at her whiskey. She looks at Rome.

Rome leans on bar and looks over the crowd.

Portland peers at Rome. ''How do you like the English name, Rome?''

,,It's still got roots,'' says Rome. ''More people can pronounce it.'' He looks at Jean. ''I like Jean.''

,,Yeah.'' Portland nods.

Jean smiles. ,,Well, thanks, Rome.'' She glances at Portland. ''I went with a non-place name.''

Portland nods. Portland feels the alcohol fume from skin. The skin dries, cracks and flakes and falls as dander. Portland says, ,,So did Ra.''

Rome stands and stares. ,,It's the new trend in names.''

Jean smiles. ,,This is true.''

Talking and laughter are heard behind Portland. Door opens, and laughter stomps past. One says loud, ,,When does baseball start?''

,,Human,'' says Portland.

Jean looks at Portland.

''To pronounce,'' says Portland. ''The name is easier for humans to pronounce.''

Rome nods, walks to well.

Portland stares away sound, sight, mind then time. ''Another drink.''

,,Isn't baseball on?'' says Jean.

Rome points at lowball of whiskey.

,,I don't know,'' says Portland. Portland tips, leans forward. She pitches lowball of whiskey to mouth.

The whiskey hits. The world sways and fumes. The long bar supports elbows and forearms and stares. The talk and the laughter fill the talk and talk and talk after silence.

Portland stares at a knot in bar. The deep brown doug fir slate spans flat and shiny.

People walk behind Portland. One pats Portland on the shoulder. Another waves. Another sits on stool by Portland.

A drink is ordered and drank. The talk with Rome passes between people sitting and standing along the bar.

Portland drinks and stares to the reflection framed between whiskey bottles.

,,Joint,'' says Jean.

,,No,'' says Portland. ''I don't know.''

Jean says, ,,It won't make you throw-up blood.''

Portland looks at whiskey then lifts lowball glass.

A plum of smoke flows around glass.

Jean blows and says, ''Why doesn't fire light or lamp light effect those of the black.''

,,Not the sun,'' says Portland. Portland opens eyes wide to question mark. ''Solar radiation?''

Jean inhales and exhales. ,,I don't know.'' She holds joint before Portland.

Portland grabs joint, says, ,,Neither do I.'' She inhales. ''Some thing with dimensions.''

Rome smiles and nods and walks the bar.

Portland exhales.

The neon OPEN sign is like a relief of scribbles.

She stares at the reflection of the chalkboard, dart boards and people.

Portland holds joint before Jean.

,,Enjoy it...'' says Jean.

The joint glows scribbles to door, wall, mirror and a hall to dim light shining through the sky light filter.

All...

,,Shit,'' says Portland. Portland sits.

A red cherry glows then dims. Smoke blows in rings.

,,I'll get that for you,'' says Jean striking match and holding flame before joint.

,,Shouldn't drink,'' says Portland.

,,That's why there's pot,'' says Rome. Rome pulls joint from behind ear, puts joint in mouth, strikes match, lights joint's tip and inhales.

Portland drinks whiskey. ,,Let the skin dry and the Mark of Cain appear over face.''

Rome blows smoke on Portland's face. ,,Your story about the mark.''

Portland says, ,,Minister's story.''

Jean looks from Portland to Rome to Portland. ,,Minister still believe in God?''

Rome exhales. ,,I've heard a rumor Minister still believes of God. Continues to spread the blood.'' Rome smiles, holds joint in mouth.

Jean shakes head.

The whiskey seeps through Portland's pores and dry flesh. The flesh peels, flakes, hangs with robe. Skin pulls itch over body and through body.

Portland holds whiskey glass.

Rome exhales. ''Are you Jesus Christ?''

,,No,'' says Portland.

,,Were you?'' says Rome.

Portland's shoulders slump. She exhales. ,,Why does it matter?''

,,Yes!'' says Rome. He takes joint from mouth and throws up palms. ''Then I can ask you how you live without drinking blood.''

Portland looks at Rome. ,,I drink blood.''

,,You were just of the black,'' says Jean.

,,Jesus Christ lived because Jesus Christ was of the black,'' says Rome. He sits on stool and sucks on joint.

Portland shakes her head. ,,Why.'' Then she peers at Rome. ''Why do you care?''

Rome looks at the bar. ,,I'm tired of drinking blood. I want to have kids.'' He quickly inhales and exhales and pulls smoke from mouth, looks at Portland while saying, ''A secret between friends.''

,,What do kids and family have to do with Jesus Christ?'' says Jean.

,,I don't know,'' says Rome. ''Nothing?'' He shrugs shoulders and inhales. He stares at Portland. ''You brought up dimensions.'' Rome exhales. ''A secret is that I want to be human again. I'm kinda bored with this vampire thing.''

Portland stares through the smoke and against the feeling of floating. ,,No.''

Rome looks at Portland. ,,No, you won't tell me?''

,,No, human. No, I didn't drink blood to be,'' says Portland. She stares at Rome. ''And a secret among friends becomes a rumor among everyone else.''

Jean says, ,,But you did drink Bishop's-''

,,Minister,'' says Rome.

,,Bishop, Minister whatever,'' says Jean.

Rome says, ,,That's right. I heard something about that earlier.'' Rome looks at Portland and nods. Rome takes a long drag from joint then slowly exhales. ,,Yeah, I've never met anyone that drank from one of the blood.''

,,I have,'' says Jean.

,,To make you one of the blood?'' says Rome.

,,No,'' says Jean. Jean looks and smiles at Rome and winks. ''I made a vampire.'' Then she looks at Portland. ''Maybe you won't blow to dust? I don't know.'' Jean inhales and exhales. ''Seems like something you shouldn't test.''

Portland points at Rome's joint. ,,Do you even get high?''

Rome grins and peers. ,,Oh, so now you're asking questions. Is that what the blood do? Ask all these questions and maybe you can write a book about vampires?''

Portland shakes head, says, ,,Too boring.''

Rome and Portland stare.

Jean says, ,,So how did you like molting?'' She sips drink. ''I thought it was great. Then I learned itching is annoying. Now I think it not so great. Maybe more annoying?''

Portland nods. Portland stands and sways and swallows blood.

Rome blinks and shakes head. ,,Has any one seen Abel lately?''

Jean smiles. ,,I always wonder how he got in the Old Testament.''

Portland chuckles and smiles. ,,Abel probably knew Minister.''

,,Probably not,'' says Rome. ''Another rumor.'' Rome points to self. ''I didn't start it.''

Rome looks at Portland and Jean; points; looks at a pale fleshed human standing near beer taps.

Portland and Jean stare into the mirror and at bottles and glasses.

They sit.

Rome walks and talks along the bar.

They smoke pot.

Rome pours whiskey and beer...

Portland burps blood and swallows blood.

,,Still wish you owned this place?'' says Jean.

,,No,'' says Portland.

Rome looks along bar. ,,Do you ever dance and sing anymore?'' Rome looks at Portland.

Portland stares a straight path through a clear fumed world to her image. ,,Every night. Every day.''

Jean reaches and touches Portland's forearm. ,,You dance and sing?''

Portland looks at whiskey. ,,Yes.''

Rome nods at Portland while looking at Jean. ,,She use to preach when I first came here.'' Rome smiles. ''People thought she was crazy.''

,,Really?'' says Jean as she nods and looks at Portland.

Rome says, ,,Were you here when Portland use to burlesque?''

,,No,'' says Jean. Jean looks at Portland. ''Why don't you do it any more?''

Portland says, ,,I don't need the money and because I was crucified a long time ago for singing and dancing for fun.''

Jean stares at Portland.

Rome nods at Jean. ,,You should ask Jeff and Chrissy about Portland's burlesque.''

Portland looks from the image of self in mirror to the images of Rome and Jean. ,,How long they been bonded?''

,,Centuries it seems,'' says Rome.

,,Yeah,'' says Jean.

They stare away from paths of images.

Jean looks at Portland. ''You ever bond, Portland?''

Portland sees herself in mirror. ,,No.''

,,Have you had sex yet?'' says Rome.

Portland smiles, looks at Rome. ,,Animal sex? No.''

,,You haven't had animal sex?'' says Jean. She looks and peers at Portland. ''REALLY?''

Portland smiles. ,,Yes.''

,,What about Sun's creation?'' says Rome.

,,Not animal sex,'' says Portland.

Jean and Portland stare.

Rome walks from beer taps and poured whiskey. ,,You realize Minister probably isn't dead?''

Portland nods. ,,Yes.''

,,Yeah,'' says Rome, and Rome steps to beer taps.

Portland's chest convulses. Blood covers lips, and she licks.

,,Are you okay?'' says Jean.

Portland nods and sits on stool. She lowers hand and wipes blood from hand to robe.

''Have you tried milk?'' says Jean.

Portland coughs blood and shakes head.

''Milk's good. Fruit juice can be as bad alcohol. Until you heal.'' Jean glances at Portland. ''I can't believe you're drinking.''

Portland clears throat and nods, sways. ,,Does it-'' She coughs and swallows blood, says, ''Sorry.'' She swallows, swallows while staring and smiling at Jean. ''Does it make you feel like you are going to float away?''

Jean squints. ,,Alcohol does that for you?''

,,Something does,'' says Portland.

Jean leans back. ,,That's neat.''

,,How do you feel?'' says Portland with a waver and a quick grip on bar.

Jean slouches and pivots a bit to bar. ,,Drunk.''

Portland swallows the tickle to become a cough. ,,How does that feel?''

,,Slow and depressing,'' says Jean. ''Are you okay?''

Portland swallows. ,,Yes.''

People cheer and clap. One boos.

Portland looks at television screens and sees a Football player dive for ball, catch ball and land in end zone.

The cheer claps to the silence and the white noise of commercial and sports.

Portland burps. ''I think less when blood and not black.'' Portland burps.

Jean sighs. ,,Yeah...I like thinking less.''

Portland shrugs. ,,Guess I'm not all thought. Got a body.''

Jean looks at Portland.

A few people talk. One laughs.

Grease sizzles and pops.

Jean and Portland stare around mirror, bottles and images of people...

Jean grabs coat and hat and stands. ,,I should go,'' says Jean. ''Good luck with Sun. I hope it works out. Say hi to Sun for me.''

Portland and Jean shoulder hug.

,,See ya, Jean,'' says Rome as he waves.

Jean waves hand. ,,See ya, Rome.''

The pub door opens and closes.

Rome grabs a cigarette and lifts it high. ,,I'm going out.''

,,I'll come with,'' says Portland. ''Need to leave soon.'' She pushes and pulls butt from seat and elbows from bar.

The alcohol fumes. The world feels like vapor.

Portland stumbles then walks.

,,Surprised you can walk so well,'' says Rome. ''How long have you been?''

,,A couple of days.''

Rome nods. He turns to face Portland, walks backward, presses door with butt and walks out holding the door open while lighting cigarette.

Dark and cool cover. Cold shivers through Portland.

Rome says, ,,I don't feel cold no more,'' blows smoke on Portland's face. ''Sorry.'' He smiles.

Portland's eyes sting, and nose tickles. ,,And the smoke?''

Rome exhales. ,,Habit.''

Breeze chills the tickle. Darkness near night shines no moon. Street lights illuminate with yellow light.

''It's been awhile since you've been in,'' says Rome.

Cars lights shine along road.

Portland says, ,,I still regret losing the place.''

Rome sits on bench. ,,We could play some cards.''

Portland smiles. ,,No. I would lose.''

Rome looks to dark. ,,I haven't played in a long time.''

,,I played you last.'' Portland's head nods then body sways, and foot kicks to hold.

,,Nobody likes to play cards.'' Rome looks at Portland. ''Not the same. There's really nothing to win anymore. It's hard for these people to care to lose anything.''

,,Play cards to win,'' says Portland.

Rome's eyes and face tenses all time.

Portland nods head and lets head fall to stare at the asphalt ground. ''Could be fun.''

,,Could be?'' says Rome.

,,Could be,'' says Portland.

Rome says, ,,Could be.''

Portland's head bobbles and nods. ,,Yes.''

Portland stands...

Rome smokes...

''Have you ever thought of dying?'' says Portland.

Rome exhales. He looks up and rubs the stubble on chin and neck. ,,Once. Before I got this place.'' He looks at Portland. ''Bored.''

Portland says, ,,You've lived a long time.''

Rome ashes. ,,That's what I was thinking.''

Rome smokes... He exhales. ''You feel Minister's coming.''

,,Soon,'' says Portland.

Portland stands away from bench and Rome with back near hedge and black berry thorns. ''I'm leaving.''

Rome says, ,,Portland or the pub?''

They stare.

Rome nods. ''So, you leaving us?''

Portland looks over the glare of light and ice. ,,It's about time to stop.''

,,Where?''

,,North.''

,,Why North?''

,,Slow death. Dust sinks to the bottom of the ocean,'' says Portland. She stares with Rome. ''Less people.''

,,No place more lonely than a desert.'' Rome winks. ''Burn quick.'' He looks at Portland. ''North. This time of year? Is there even sun?''

,,Slow. And I now like cold.''

Rome says, ,,Like I said I haven't thought of dying in years.'' Rome inhales and stares through night from his thought. He glances then looks at Portland. ''Don't know if it's the same, but I can always find something fun to do.'' He looks away. ''If I want to get drunk.'' He looks and smiles at Portland. ''I can always drink a drunk's blood.''

They stare at stars.

Rome says, ''What's it like to clot? I bet the itch has got to be bad.''

,,Itch is bad. All over. All these.'' Portland moves clenched fingers around body. ''Itches. The river water wasn't cold enough.''

Rome quivers. ,,What cooled the itch?''

,,Blood bursting from pores,'' says Portland.

,,I heard that feels weird?'' Rome glances.

Portland nods. ,,It feels good.''

Rome exhales. ,,Like animal sex.''

,,Don't know,'' Portland says.

Rome ashes.

Portland stands.

,,Never?'' says Rome.

Cheeks push mouth from smile. ,,Never,'' says Portland.

,,You might want to try that before you die,'' says Rome, ashes cigarette.

They stand.

Rome exhales.

They watch.

Rome says, ''Can I ask you a personal question?'' He holds out palms. ''And let me preface by saying this is by no means a request to begin to record facts about the black and the blood.''

,,Yes,'' says Portland.

Rome smokes. ,,Are you mom or dad to Sun?''

Portland stands.

,,Mom,'' says Portland. ''He manifested from me.'' Portland stares at the smoke. ''Minister spread the seed.''

Rome says, ,,Yeah, I don't get that.''

Portland looks at Rome and holds her sway. ,,Think of me as a focus of all the thought.'' Portland pauses. She swallows. ''I'm like the magnifying glass and the thought of Minister and acts and belief of my existence are the sun. And that sun shines through me and creates point of light that is Sun.'' Portland swings her hand out.

Rome looks at Portland. He nods. He exhales.

Portland's hand falls to her side.

Rome nods. ,,A human.''

Rome stares at Portland.

Portland nods.

Rome smokes.

Portland stares at the rain. Her breath blows like Rome's smoke.

Rome exhales. ''Why die?''

Portland stares.

Rome smokes.

Portland says, ,,I'm not Portland.''

They stare.

Rome exhales.

They stand.

A train horn blows.

Portland looks at Rome.

Portland says, ''You should carve the bridges over the river and rails relief.''

Rome nods at Portland. ,,Should take care of the hedge.''

Portland smiles. ,,You mean the blackberry bush?''

Rome exhales smoke smile. ,,That's the first black berry bush.''

Portland smiles.

Rome nods and sucks on cigarette butt. Cherry glows and flow fades with exhale and flick of butt to coffee can. Cigarette smoke rises from can. ''North.'' Rome opens door.

Portland nods and lifts arm to point Rome to enter.

''North,'' says Rome. ''You don't like Canadian Ryes.''

Portland shrugs.

Rome steps through doorway.

Portland sees Minister running naked to her.

Rome makes a cone with hands. ''LAST CALL FOR PORTLAND!'' and steps into the pub.

Portland stands outside and pushes door.

The pub door slams shut.